I refuse.
Why is Master Shen?
You can beat them easily.
Is it because there is not enough money?
I'll add 200 million to Master Shen
Please also ask Master Shen to take action
You Yu Luofu
It's just a turf war after all
It's like a cloud to me
Not worth mentioning
And why should I help you?
You give me a reason to shoot
Mr. Shen, I, Mr. Shen, will leave after a while
You're already on your way to find the medicinal herbs on the peony
Yes, sir.
I'll do it now.
God, I know how many herbs you need recently
And I happened to find out the whereabouts of Du Yuanhua
Really really
I guarantee the head
God, don't worry.
After you leave
Your family
I will definitely take care of it like my own family
I can see
You are a very attentive person
But let me give you a piece of advice
Your string of Buddha beads is a life-seeking thing
And you know what?